Revise configuration-related docs (3.8 and earlier) (#1117)
scalar-labs/scalardb: docs/multi-storage-transactions.md

# Multi-Storage Transactions

ScalarDB transactions can span multiple storages or databases while maintaining ACID compliance by using a feature called *multi-storage transactions*.

This page explains how multi-storage transactions work and how to configure the feature in ScalarDB.

## How multi-storage transactions work in ScalarDB

> In ScalarDB, the `multi-storage` implementation holds multiple storage instances and has mappings from a namespace name to a proper storage instance. When an operation is executed, the multi-storage transactions feature chooses a proper storage instance from the specified namespace by using the namespace-storage mapping and uses that storage instance.

Author: Got it. When backporting this doc to version branches `3.5` and `3.6`, I will change this paragraph as follows, which includes mentions of `table name` and `table-storage`. (The additional wording matches the wording used in this doc on version branches `3.6` and `3.5`.

```suggestion
In ScalarDB, the `multi-storage` implementation holds multiple storage instances and has mapping from a table name or a namespace name to a proper storage instance. When an operation is executed, the multi-storage transactions feature chooses a proper storage instance from the specified table or namespace by using the table-storage or namespace-storage mapping and uses that storage instance.
```

scalar.db.multi_storage.storages.cassandra.password=cassandra

# Define the "mysql" storage.
# When defining JDBC-specific configurations for multi-storage transactions, you can follow a similar format of `scalar.db.multi_storage.storages.<STORAGE_NAME>.<PROPERTY_NAME>`.
# For example, to configure the `scalar.db.jdbc.connection_pool.min_idle` property for MySQL, specify `scalar.db.multi_storage.storages.mysql.jdbc.connection_pool.min_idle`.
scalar.db.multi_storage.storages.mysql.storage=jdbc
scalar.db.multi_storage.storages.mysql.contact_points=jdbc:mysql://localhost:3306/
scalar.db.multi_storage.storages.mysql.username=root
scalar.db.multi_storage.storages.mysql.password=mysql
# Define the JDBC-specific configurations for the "mysql" storage.
scalar.db.multi_storage.storages.mysql.jdbc.connection_pool.min_idle=5
scalar.db.multi_storage.storages.mysql.jdbc.connection_pool.max_idle=10
scalar.db.multi_storage.storages.mysql.jdbc.connection_pool.max_total=25

# Define namespace mapping from a namespace name to a storage.
# The format is "<NAMESPACE_NAME>:<STORAGE_NAME>,...".
scalar.db.multi_storage.namespace_mapping=user:cassandra,coordinator:mysql

> 

Reviewer: @Torch3333 Thank you! Yes, we should mention the `table mapping` configuration for ScalarDB <= 3.6.
